[Music]
everyone's got their thing
maybe it's a breakup a death an accident
whatever it is you used to be one thing
now you're something else
we all have our own problems
our own issues
demons
I was born into war right into it people
think they understand pain but they have
no concept of it what's the most pain
you've ever felt maybe the gun that
leaves you more machine than man wait no
stop what in the actual ass Dale what
why why are the visual effects not done
it's a metal arm it's not like we're
trying to remove a mustache
oh [ __ ] it I'll do it myself I'm table
and I'm from the future and I like
blowing [ __ ] up
oh no sheriff Deadpool you know you're a
lot taller in the shut up you little
[ __ ] take this regeneration powers
activate that's not something says if it
cable I got the stones to help you Oh
buddy
they're done already oh wow that was
unrealistic we fast okay it
your time's up you dumb [ __ ] well that's
just lazy writing
[Music]
this skater may become the next great
name in figure skating
[Music]
[Applause]
don't you bring it down
[Music]
I've been running scams on the street
since I was 10
[Music]
he's kicked out a flight academy
for having a mind of my own
I'm gonna be a pilot
best in the galaxy
hey kid
I'm putting together a crew
you win that's yes
that might be the only person
what he really are
[Music]
what's that
get ready now we're in trouble there for
a second but it's fun we're fine
[Music]
so you want to make a difference yeah
trust me you're gonna love it and which
branch are you interested in joining
gotta be a pilot that's something else
your name
[Music]
you okay yeah I'm good just a little
nervous
well you look very handsome I just don't
want to screw it up you know you have
been preparing for this meeting for six
months you've got this mask you guys a
question
daddy loves to me dad loves it exactly
that is gonna go make that bacon gross
[Music]
mr. Sawyer is your family enjoying this
day very much so they're shocked you
give us the entire floor after you
secure the assessment what do you think
of the building with all due respect is
glorified security guard please the
Pearl is the tallest most advanced
building in the world you've built a
vertical city but you've brought with it
every single safety and security
challenge that I could think of we
thought this flow was empty Saturday not
only have you brought them all indoors
but you've trapped them 240 floors in
the air no one really knows what would
happen if things go wrong but I'm just a
glorified security guard so what the
hell do I know anyway what's one on the
96 floors on fire you're gonna be just
fine
that tell me how much do you love your
family
if we're gonna get out of here you're
gonna have to tell me the truth there's
a reason they chose this building
[Music]
my family is the only thing that matters
to me right now
[Music]
your mission should you choose to accept
it I wonder did you have to choose not
to the end war was feared is coming and
the blood will be on your hands the
fallout of all your good intentions you
had a terrible choice to make in Berlin
one life over millions and now the world
is at risk this is the CIA's mission if
he had held on to the plutonium we
wouldn't be having this conversation
this Tim you'd be dead yes they would
that's the job
[Music]
you don't understand what you're
involved in you need to walk away please
don't make me cuts for you how many
times has hunt's governments betrayed
him disavowed him cast him aside how
long before a man like that has had
enough
even though we are
so how is he oh you know same always
there
when the hell is he doing find it best
not to hook
so this is it it's all in legalese
ready let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
do you remember the first time you saw
live dinosaur thank you we don't really
believe it it's like a miracle
something's coming this is your exit
it's not
it'll come with me you know you can't
stay here
Jurassic world
the island
easy girl all of that is in the past
my dad I get kid
I want to show you the future what is
that thing they made it
you need to get us out of here yeah no
one attempts the impossible without
belief in something greater than
themselves I've given you every 300
shots in the next few weeks with what
our resources have been depleted time is
running out in ten years half the
world's population will starve to death
the planet will be uninhabitable but
there is one place that gives us hope
what if Titan could become our home you
will become enhanced human supermen most
of you will fail Wow some people will
break during the Train life
thought I'd see something like this
now Rick's of the future you are gonna
be the first man on Titan he's changing
this is a space research it's criminal
they're becoming violent when I finish I
can see everything there is something
alive inside of him
he's a soldier
hundred million dollars worth of
scientific research
there's no going back don't kill your
family
what did you do
[Music]
if we call patrolling
hillside police detective Malloy please
I'd like to report a crime for those of
you who don't know me I am dr. Burch and
this is the philosophy of language what
are you guys still doing girl went
missing up at the lake birch yes
is your husband home what's this about
detective girl from Eastfield you got a
report a man in a grey Volvo was
watching other days you disappeared
you tell me where you were I doubt it
you can barely remember last week that
was seized last day of can you went to
pick her up remember I'm councilman
search he waited for 40 minutes its
tardiness a crime roof structure is
I'm not answering another question until
I speak to my lawyer are you used to a
case like this well Jimmy the kidnapping
or do you mean a murder did you ever
meet Joyce bond I don't think so
when a kid goes missing here the cops
need a suspect coincidence put you in
the crosshairs cops don't ask questions
they plant landmines mrs. birch we found
strands of Joyce's hair your husband's
call what was she doing in your car I
told you I don't member lynnster planted
it this is the life this is out there if
she's still alive she's on borrowed time
philosophy we're in the same racket
searching for the truth if you have
trouble remembering things detective
people are synchronous you tell me so
there's no such thing as truth can I
tell you the truth or what I perceive
you kept a secret from your wife will
you please calm down
I'm terrified what else you could
convince yourself up you know me I
wouldn't hurt a fly
possible earthquake here in the Statue
of Liberty looks like you should have
left town a little bit earlier whatever
you doing stop
[Music]
moaning mama what is it I have to go
away for a while I saw something I was
not supposed to but it could be no
witness they stopped so they creep me a
joyous die
Otto become the sparrow there's a
Russian program I'm a trained young
officers to seduce and manipulate call
them sparrows
determine a target sweetness Dominica
Norma have we met
no and extract information
you have a gift to see through people
take your life's act if she's compromise
she will be eliminated
they won't ever let go I'll find a way
red Sparrow
[Music]
I don't regret staying at home and being
your mom but I regret not getting my
degree
that's why somebody's mom just enrolled
in college I'm referring to myself I'll
see you around the quad nobody says that
mom well bring it back I think those
guys just checked you out just looking
at my smock it tends to catch the light
mom you're a college girl now and we
gotta make some changes
no we don't know where that's been Oh
God what are you 20 in the stacks better
slacks no shut up fray I'm older and
wiser this essentially a Google ask me
anything
turn off your Google you're scaring me I
think my google scared Jack last night
oh my god but in a good way I like when
you intentionally go through a haunted
house
[Music]
are you shopping for a gift kind of
browsing for me
so sizing is a little limited here in
the store but you could probably find
your size online I have a crazy idea
let's be honest for a minute
no matter how many times we hear it's
what's on the inside that matters women
know deep down it's what's on the
outside that the whole world judges okay
I'm just like dealing with low
self-esteem I want to punch you right in
your dumb face right now do you have
every rib that I have I've been on all
of these sites
no one even looks at the profile they
only care about the picture and I'm sick
of it I always wondered what it feels
like to be just undeniably pretty
okay you hit your head pretty hard
yes post that likes it thing I see you
over there I know you don't recognize me
that's something you call this it's me
Renee what's happening Oh full spin what
do I get you yeah that's why I change
your number that's really clever
what's forward what's your number give
me your phone let me give you my number
are you still talking to me shake it out
now so if Iowa's you this would be quite
a large promotion for you
what do you a goal is exactly I get it
and yes modeling is an option for me
it's not who I am I things have really
changed for me you just have all the
confidence in the world I think a lot of
people completely miss the thing that
really makes the awesome and you're not
like that
[Music]
[Applause]
we should be I should meet I should be I
thought you might wanna sneak peek of
what's to come
I don't know if you know it sneak peek
[Music]